about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About Me
permalink: /about/
---

{% include image.html url="/images/journal_photo.jpg" caption="Brian MacKie-Mason" width=300 align="right" %}

I originally began my academic career in nuclear engineering with an interest of being part of the clean energy solution. However, since that time I have found my passion in developing more fundamental computational science problems. My current position is as a Doctoral Candidate and Research Assistant in computational electromagnetics in the [Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering](http://www.ece.unm.edu) at the [University of New Mexico](http://www.unm.edu) under the supervision of [Professor Zhen Peng](https://sites.google.com/site/zhenpeng11111/home). I am currently developing and implementing algorithms to tackle extreme-scale electromagnetic engineering problems.

In addition to my professional interests I have found a passion in serving the student population through my participation in [student government](http://gpsa.unm.edu). Other personal interests of mine include exercising (in particular weightlifting), skiing, and watching sports. You will not find a bigger University of Michigan football fan than me. Go blue! I also enjoy visiting Chicago where my wife is training as a medical resident.

This website is hosted on [Github](http://www.github.com), the domain is provided by [Google Domains](http://domains.google), and this website is developed in [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com). I took this template from [Steven Miller](https://github.com/svmiller/steve-ngvb-jekyll-template) at Clemson University.

If you wish to get in contact with me to form a research collaboration, discuss anything presented on this site, or for really anything else don't hesitate to contact me at the contact information provided below.

Commit message:

added information about my name

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About Me
permalink: /about/
---

{% include image.html url="/images/journal_photo.jpg" caption="Brian MacKie-Mason" width=300 align="right" %}

I originally began my academic career in nuclear engineering with an interest of being part of the clean energy solution. However, since that time I have found my passion in developing more fundamental computational science problems. My current position is as a Doctoral Candidate and Research Assistant in computational electromagnetics in the [Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering](http://www.ece.unm.edu) at the [University of New Mexico](http://www.unm.edu) under the supervision of [Professor Zhen Peng](https://sites.google.com/site/zhenpeng11111/home). I am currently developing and implementing algorithms to tackle extreme-scale electromagnetic engineering problems.

In addition to my professional interests I have found a passion in serving the student population through my participation in [student government](http://gpsa.unm.edu). Other personal interests of mine include exercising (in particular weightlifting), skiing, and watching sports. You will not find a bigger University of Michigan football fan than me. Go blue! I also enjoy visiting Chicago where my wife is training as a medical resident.

My name has its own unique story. My first name often gets confused with "Brain", which I believe to be a result of Microsoft's AutoCorrect. I usually don't correct folks on that typo. My middle name is my maternal grandfather's first name. My last name is the combination of my father and mother's maiden names. "Mason" does not have a long in-depth history that I'm aware of. The name "MacKie" has an interesting story. It is the English translation of a Scottish clan name "McKay", which translates to "son of a cow". So, there you have it, I am a brain who is the son of a cow.

This website is hosted on [Github](http://www.github.com), the domain is provided by [Google Domains](http://domains.google), and this website is developed in [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com). I took this template from [Steven Miller](https://github.com/svmiller/steve-ngvb-jekyll-template) at Clemson University.

If you wish to get in contact with me to form a research collaboration, discuss anything presented on this site, or for really anything else don't hesitate to contact me at the contact information provided below.
