---
layout: post
title:  "Why?"
author: Brian
date:   2016-11-09 01:00:00
categories: intro
---
Thank you for coming to my website and participating in the crafting of my online presence. I thought I would explain the purpose of this website, the timing of its development, and why I even decided to build a catch-all website given all of the pre-built forums and landing spots already available.

I should begin by stating that I have many different online profiles scattered about the Internet. My feeling is that none of them do a <i>perfect</i> job of encapsulating everything I do, am, or say. This website is my best attempt at controlling my professional online presence in a way that I'm happy with. Part of my plan is to augment this website with a YouTube channel to provide overviews of conferences, seminars, or other things I feel should be described with a video.

Another reason I decided to build this website is because I have the skills to do so. Sounds pretty simple, but in a way it's taking many of the things I've learned over the past many years and building a new project that I never have before, and the prospects of doing that excites me.

The timing of this website is purely logistical and practical. My plan is to graduate during the Fall 2017 semester, and as such, I am beginning a conference tour around the country with current plans to attend the <a href="http://sc16.supercomputing.org">SC16</a> and <a href="http://nrsmboulder.org">URSI 2017 conferences</a>. To this end, I will be able to share this website with professional contacts that I meet along the way.

As I find my voice, and continue to develop my goals with this website, I welcome any suggestions on changes I can make, additional content I can provide, as well as any other suggestions. Please contact me if you have any ideas for the improvement on my content delivery. At a minimum, I will be providing links to all of my publications, as well as recaps of the various conferences that I plan to be attending.

Thanks for visiting and please bookmark this website as it is still under construction.
