---
layout: post
title:  "Why?"
author: Brian
date:   2016-11-20 01:00:00
categories: conferences
---
I attended the International Conference for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis, colloquially known as SC16, from November 13-16, 2016. At this conference I presented my ongoing research on solving extreme-scale electromagnetic engineering problems, did extensive networking, and attended numerous technical talks and panels on a field that was relatively new to me. This conference was <i>a lot</i> larger than the conferences I have attended in the past. As an example, the International Symposium on Antennas & Propagation has a few hundred attendees (you might ask me to be more specific, there's no need), whereas the SC16 conference had north of 10 <i>thousand</i> attendees. This presented a huge logistical problem for me as I began to sort out what to do, where to go, what to see, and so on. Below I give an accounting of my experiences there and some of the major learning opportunities I had. You can find the conference website <a href="sc16.supercomputing.org">here.</a>

<h1>Day 1 -- Travel and Registration</h1>
Not much exciting to report here. I took a direct flight to Salt Lake City on Delta. I used the public transit, train, to get from the airport to the hotel. Checked into the hotel. Completed my registration with the conference, and received the requisite conference swag. This time I got a backpack, water bottle, and the proceedings. There were also some print outs like a map and conference program. I then walked through the conference venue, Salt Palace Convention Center, and began to feel overwhelmed. I got in contact with the industry sponsor, who was very helpful throughout my first time at this conference, and was able to get some good advice from him on how to approach a conference of this size: pick what's important, but be ready to go to something that sparks your interest.

<h1>Day 2 -- Panel discussions</h1>
On Monday morning I attended a series of talks designed specifically for students. The first talk was on doing research in high performance computing and was given by both practitioners and researches whose respective fields use supercomputing. The first speaker was Dorian Arnold, a professor at the University of New Mexico's Computer Science department. The central theme in his talk was that once you decide what you want to do with your career you should be very deliberate in the choices you make. The next speaker was Ron Brightwell, a research and development manager at Sandia National Laboratories. His main takeaway points were that the relationship that you have with your advisor is extremely important, that effective communication and teamwork are more important than you would think, and that the best way to establish your career is to publish your research and review other peoples' submitted work. The next speaker was Arthur "Barney" Maccabe. His two key takeaways were that it's okay to change your mind throughout your career, but that when you decide to get a certain degree you should have a purpose for that degree. His biggest recommendation for students was to do productive things outside their field, like read books on leadership, deep thinking, finance, and so on. He also encouraged students to make mistakes and ask for apologies later. The final speaker was Hai, a research scientist from Los Alamos, whose main point is that supercomputing is a very interdisciplinary study. She is a computational plasma physicist and frequently mentioned how she has to bridge the gap of communication between physicists and computer scientists.
